README.md, before:

# SALMON: Scalable Ab-initio Light-Matter simulator for Optics and Nanoscience

SALMON is an open-source software based on first-principles time-dependent density functional theory
to describe optical responses and electron dynamics in matters induced by light electromagnetic fields.

SALMON has been tested and optimized to run in the following supercomputer platforms:

- K-computer
- Fujitsu FX100 supercomputer system
- Linux PC Cluster with Intel Xeon Phi (Knights Landing architecture)
- Linux PC Cluster with x86-64 CPU

For more information, please visit our website.

http://salmon-tddft.jp/

## License

SALMON is available under Apache License version 2.0.

    Copyright 2019 SALMON developers
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.

Commit message:

K-computer has ended of service on August 16, 2019.

README.md, after:

# SALMON: Scalable Ab-initio Light-Matter simulator for Optics and Nanoscience

SALMON is an open-source software based on first-principles time-dependent density functional theory
to describe optical responses and electron dynamics in matters induced by light electromagnetic fields.

SALMON has been tested and optimized to run in the following supercomputer platforms:

- K-computer (It is scheduled to be permanently shut down at the end of August, 2019)
- Fujitsu FX100 supercomputer system
- Linux PC Cluster with Intel Xeon Phi (Knights Landing architecture)
- Linux PC Cluster with x86-64 CPU

For more information, please visit our website.

http://salmon-tddft.jp/

## License

SALMON is available under Apache License version 2.0.

    Copyright 2019 SALMON developers
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at
  
       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
